feat(geminidb): add datasource to get list of GeminiDB database versions (#9498)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/data-sources/geminidb_database_versions.md

---
subcategory: "GeminiDB"
layout: "huaweicloud"
page_title: "HuaweiCloud: huaweicloud_geminidb_database_versions"
description: |-

>   Use this data source to get the list of GeminiDB database versions within HuaweiCloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Use this data source to query version information of a specified type of instance within HuaweiCloud.
```

---

> # huaweicloud_geminidb_flavors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# huaweicloud_geminidb_database_versions
```

> Use this data source to get the list of GeminiDB database versions within HuaweiCloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this data source to query version information of a specified type of instance within HuaweiCloud.
```
